MINUTES OF DREAM CENTRE I.T UNIVERSITY DEANS MEETING (2/15/24)

Opening prayer by Deacon Adewoye

Highlighted the agenda for the meeting, which are: 
1. GOBC&H 2024 brainstorming. He urged everyone to come up with creative suggestions on how this year's GOBC can be special.
2. IT University training brainstorming. This will be part of the Monday meetings.

ANNOUNCEMENT by Deacon Adewoye
Subscription to an app being developed has been submitted by Dr. Anjorin. Any need yet to be submitted should come with the importance of the need to the vision.

Deacon Adewoye talked about accountability and discipline about each faculty. Deans are imployed to hold every member accountable.

FACULTY UPDATES

1.0	GRAPHIC DESIGN/Mr Deji Alabi
Training for all members to bring them up to speed.

COMMENTS:
1. Deacon Adewoye raised a concern about the Rivers of Joy banner which was raised in the general meeting on Monday. Pastor Bella said that the reason has been highlighted with the update from Mr Deji Alabi.
Mr Deji Alabi mentioned that there are two top designers who have percularities. He also mentioned other people including himself who do designs but are going to do the training to bring themselves up to speed. Pastor Bella nominated Sis Aderonke who can do good designs. Mr. Deji Alabi said alot of her designs have not been approved in times past.
2. Mr Omodehin raised the opinion that priority can be put on services such that the least designer can be given some program designs to handle. There can also be templates done for programs which can be edited, that way, the work load can ease out.
3. Pastor Bella asked if there is a structure on ground to communicate rejection to people whose designs are not accepted. Mr Deji Alabi said that he has had to deal with that himself and they talk about it in their meetings. He added that it also include been frank with themselves that someone is a better designer than the other.
4. Mr Omodehin answered that it is important for the Dean to communicate the members being prayerful. He elaborated that Daddy and Mummy are spiritual people, he sighted the example of Mr. Adetayo when he was working in the church office, Mr Omodehin could judge if he is low spiritually when/ his designs are not approved by Mummy.

2.0	APP DEVELOPMENT/DR SEUN ANJORIN
- Graphics Unit: He appreciated the team for the new variety of LBA designs. He has observed different designs of recent.
- GOBC: He thinks they should change the GOBC reminder design. He thinks it doesn’'_Tt look captivating. He said the banner like one on YouTube looks better. Also the small box at the right hand corner displayed during the service is more like what we should do.
Deacon Adewoye asked Mr Deji Alabi if they can come up with alternative design for the GOBC reminder design and the 2024 Rivers of Joy banner. He said the latter is too light. Secondly, for the google drive, they can use info@dreamcentre.org.
 
Faculty Updates
Dr Seun - Their team recently deployed the bookshop shop. They are trying to customize it now. He said the faculty needs to create accounts for each user in the branches. The Bookshop Manager suggested that they create users as branches instead of using individual emails.

COMMENTS
1. Pastor Adedotun asked Mr Deji Alabi if there’'_Ts a structure for fliers that will be used for website banner so we can have a template for those website dimensions.
Secondly, he asked if the graphic design storage can be in the cloud instead of physical drives.
Mr Alabi responded that he is the one handling the website designs as a temporary makeshift before his team members begin adopting the change to extend their individual designs to various dimensions across.
2. Mr Omodehin asked if the compliance team can support Mr Alabi by vetting the dimensions of designs produced. He further said if anyone is not respecting timelines, he can get the VC to assist to push for prompt deliveries. Also if requests are coming late, he can decline to avoid being easily overwhelmed. 
3. Pastor Bella said he should be informed if any pastor is making late requests. He further said if any of his team members are not responding well to assignments, it should be escalated to their pastors and not handled alone.
4. Deacon Adewoye emphasized accountability and discipline in every faculty. There’'_Ts a need for all department heads to escalate poor member attitudes to assignments.
5. Mr Alabi mentioned Bro Bolu who is always on medicals and needs one to two weeks ahead to design. Mr Omodehin said Bro Bolu is his member and he will soon be more available.
 
3.0	NETWORK & SECURITY/MR OLUWAFEMI OLUWALAJIKI
- He talked about the security aspect. They have sent out the first step that need to be addressed which is training of members.
- He is still looking at how to collate the database.

COMMENTS
1. Deacon Adewoye asked Pastor Bella if cybersecurity training can be incorporated in our programs for security reasons. Pastor Bella said we can develop menti for it to test what people know and to design what they should know. He said the discipleship school won’'_Tt capture everyone. He suggested we structure the training so it can be constantly ongoing.
Bro Femi Oluwalajiki said he is designing an e-book to resolve challenges people often encounter when there is a security breach. He suggested that members are able to submit emails and incidence ticket issued to his team to attend to it.
2. Mr Omodehin said we can speak with the General Pastor so some time can be allotted during announcement and some other strategic times to create awareness for different audience. He also suggested video tutorials such as Dr PEP.
3. Deacon Adewoye: Announcement and video, that’'_Ts another angle to it. The team should ensure they action it. They have a guide already, so Bro Femi can also come up with a training guide on cyber security and highlight all those issues.
4. Pastor Bella: he said there is an existing guide that contains all these things. They can also consider AI. Mr Omodehin’'_Ts idea is also very good. Cyber-security is a big issue and is not limited to DC.
Bro Femi Oluwalajiki: he said the training is based on sources: first level and second level. There are some levels of security that the source can handle. The second level applies to people operating at other points that can escalate.
5. Deacon Adewoye: said they will organize a training for the IT University. And the Web security team should include it in their plans. The actionable plan is to discuss with the General Pastor how they can include it in the announcements.
 
4.0	GOBC BRAINSTORMING SESSION
Deacon said the goal is to suggest projects that can make GOBC much better. For example, Live Streaming is thinking of launching GOBC on Alexa. The team should think of innovation, different tech, etc. Can the Graphics team create aerial views and shots, an app that can showcase GOBC?
Mr Femi Omodehin: He asked if they can do a survey in the entire IT University and push it from now till upper Monday.
Deacon said he would create a goggle form to that effect.
Pastor Bella: he said he just checked what can be done on AI and he has quite a list. What we need to settle is to do a review of last year and see what we did well and improve on them. Some might just need a little tweaking. Examples of what he saw online are: mobile apps and websites, live streaming and video archives, podcasting, etc. But it is important to do a review and start early.
Deacon said the next IT University meeting would be focused on faculty-by-faculty GOBC review- what we can do better and what we can add. He would pull out the report and share it at the meeting
Dr Anjorin: he said the team needs to decide on the important components of GOBC. When we have those sub-headings, then they can decide what department would fit under it. For example, one of the most important is publicity. The next step would be what each department would do: the website should have a good banner, the graphics team should have a great design, etc.
He doesn't think the general meeting would be productive. It is an action for the leadership team to execute. For example, what is their contribution IT-wise to each aspect of GOBC. They used to have live transcription on YouTube, but they need to improve on it. After they have done these, they can then share with the general assembly to contribute.
A major aspect is publicity and they need to tackle it ASAP.
Mr Omodehin: he said it is good they are starting early. He feels a leader is to coordinate. They can do a general meeting on Monday and harmonize it on Thursday at the Deans’'_T meeting.
Deacon Adewoye said they would adopt that.
Pastor Bella: he said when they have general meetings, they need to have prayer points to lead people because GOBC is highly spiritual. And IT is facing demonic attacks in the world. So, they should spend time praying for those ideas even at the meeting.
Deacon Adewoye said each Deacon should have a prayer plan in each faculty and it would be monitored by the compliance team. So the compliance team should decide on that.
Mr Omodehin said they would incorporate GOBC into the Saturday prayer schedule. He and Pastor Bella would discuss other prayer programs that should be held concurrently.
 
5.0	AOB
Daecon Adewoye said any faculty that has needs should send the list to him tonight because he is about to forward the request on to Daddy.
Graphics have an expired platform they need to renew; Dr Anjorin should also reach out to him concerning the email matter.
Deans should hold their team members accountable and should not be emotional and if they have challenges, they can escalate to their Pastor or the compliance team.
Closing prayers led by Mr Femi Omodehin.